Jimmy nickel was in temporary charge of
Hibernian as the Emrys I took on mother
well at far Park
Mayberry to take the free kick half
cleared only as far as Kevin Thompson
though toxin on the left foot happen in
front post well he managed to find a
yard of space did paul Heffernan
he's got three balls to his name given
away by Hutchinson and now he's out of
position and half Allen could be in here
McManus comes across still happenin oh
you expect better of the Irishman
he was so prolific in the last few
seasons at Kilmarnock and this was a
real opportunity the mystique from
Hutchinson Letterman means worth his
swung had a good few deliveries so far
and he finds McManus and midway through
the first sir Steven McManus opens our
scoring
it's his first goal for mother well in
fact it's his first league goal in
Scotland since netting for Celtic back
in January 2009 the opposition that date
were Hibernian got the run on McGivern
and powered the header beyond Ben
Williams
when from other L would see them go
level with Inverness in second just
behind them on goal difference it away
by McManus brought down by Sutton Aniyah
still Henry are near and it comes off
Ben Williams and fortunately for their
Bernie and goalkeeper it goes wide of
the target now here too much piece for
the hips rear guard and Ben Williams
breathes a sigh of relief to see that
one go wide let's rip one over the top a
Nia gets the shot away and blocked by
the legs of Ben Williams this was some
classic route 1 football all the way
from the goal kick Annie Eric got in
behind Williams makes the save
means worth quick ball to Carswell
and that was close Carswell has popped
himself a little there while taking on
the shot just trying to stub it towards
the back post Thompson can't really
clear and Leslie hits it it took a touch
on its way through good hit from the
mother whale captain
neither side in particularly good form
Francis angle has been robbed Robertson
gets it back from Craig deflected and
wide very close forever naeun good play
between Robertson and Liam Craig and was
Hutchinson with the block zubir nicely
done rolled the ball over his foot then
hit by Liam Craig
guna nielsen got a touch the decent
effort by Liam Craig at six goals since
signing for the Burnham Crimson Johnson
here's Craig the spark Hibernia and
revival spots the right of Heffernan
Dhoni goes under the challenge of Shawn
Hutchinson who could be in trouble here
it was outside the box but it was
certainly denying a goal scoring
opportunity and the red card is out for
Shawn Hutchinson Motherwell to finish
this game with ten men his vine and
Collins and the two substitutes combine
that it doesn't work out in a goal for
Hibbs nicely done by by Robertson left
and I have four done good save by good a
nielsen and that will be the save that
keeps all three points in lecture
subscribe now for free and catch all the
action on SPFL youtube